SketchUp to OSG Plugin CHANGELOG
================================

As always, for the full history, look at the Git commit log. This is an 
abbreviated history for "normal" users. 

Version 1.6.3
-------------
Tagged 25 July 2014

* Add support for SketchUp 2014.

* Now generate `.rbz` packages with scripts, instead of installers.

* Do away with having separate branches for the binaries.

* Mac and Win support both "standard"

* No functional changes to the plugin itself.

Version 1.6.2
-------------

* Brown paper bag release: fix of the broken 1.6.1.

Version 1.6.1
-------------
Tagged 19 September 2013.

* Quickie release to be able to produce a Mac OS X version of the plugin - based on the great work of @jscasallas

Version 1.6
-----------
Tagged 18 September 2013.

* Update to generate installers for SketchUp 2013 as well as 8.

* Follow [thomthom's suggestions](http://www.thomthom.net/thoughts/2013/02/sketchup-plugin-checklist/)
    regarding code isolation and locating files.

* Remove alternate transparency mode: tested, not needed.

* Clarify wording in UI regarding units.

Version 1.5.1
-------------
Tagged 16 September 2011.

* Brown-paper bag release: typo meant that "GoogleMode" (alternative
	transparency mode) didn't work in 1.5.

Version 1.5
-----------
Tagged 6 September 2011.

* Added option for "alternate" transparency mode that sets "GoogleMode"
	when importing `.dae` files into OSG. Thanks to sfuhrman on GitHub
	for the tip.

Version 1.4
-----------
Tagged 26 May 2011.

* Newer pre-release of OSG 2.8.5. 

* Scaling and rotation now take place in the world frame, preserving the 
	origin seen in SketchUp. 

* Patched osgconv to transform in world frame included. 

* Scaling option clarified, and choice of inches, feet, and meters now 
	offered.

* Menu items renamed, selection items will disable themselves when there
	is no current selection.

* Menu item added to visit homepage.

* Call the helper apps directly, rather than through a batch file.

* Ensure we can actually find the helper apps before calling them.

* Comment the code better.

Version 1.3.1
-------------
Tagged 12 May 2011.

* Added Inno Setup installer.

* Plugin will automatically add file extension if no extension found.

* Update to pre-release of OSG 2.8.5 (including Windows binaries) to use 
	upstreamed versions of patches developed for earlier plugin versions.

Version 1.3
-----------
Tagged 29 April 2011.

* Rename "export scene" to "export entire document"

* Improve README

* Disable rotate and scale by default due to issues.

Version 1.2
-----------
* Improved conversion and viewing scripts.

* Updated osgconv and osgdb_osg Windows binaries for improved texture export.

* Unnecessary Windows osgwrapper binaries removed.

Version 1.1
-----------
* Initial released version.

* Windows binaries: OSG 2.8.3 with some modifications
